[API/YAML changes] Scope Fleet-maintained apps and custom packages via labels (#24085)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Contributing/API-for-contributors.md

| mdm.windows_settings                        | object | body  | The Windows-specific MDM settings.                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| mdm.windows_settings.custom_settings        | array   | body  | The list of objects consists of a `path` to XML files and `labels_include_all` or `labels_exclude_any` list of label names.                                                                                                                                                         |
| scripts                                   | array   | body  | A list of script files to add to this team so they can be executed at a later time.                                                                                                                                                 |
| software                                   | object   | body  | The team's software that will be available for install.  |

> | software.packages                          | list   | body  | An array of objects with values below. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| software.packages                          | array   | body  | An array of objects with values below. |
```

| software.packages.install_script           | string   | body  | Command that Fleet runs to install software. |
| software.packages.pre_install_query        | string   | body  | Condition query that determines if the install will proceed. |
| software.packages.post_install_script      | string   | body  | Script that runs after software install. |
| software.packages.uninstall_script       | string   | body  | Command that Fleet runs to uninstall software. |
| software.packages.self_service           | boolean   | body  | Condition query that determines if the install will proceed. |
| software.packages.labels_include_any     | array   | body  | Specifies whether the software will only be available for install or installed (by policy automation) on hosts that **have any** of these labels. Only one of either `labels_include_any` or `labels_exclude_any` can be specified. |
| software.packages.labels_exclude_any     | array   | body  | Specifies whether the software will only be available for install or installed (by policy automation) on hosts that **don't have any** of these labels. Only one of either `labels_include_any` or `labels_exclude_any` can be specified. |

> | software.app_store_apps                   | list   | body  | An array of objects with values below. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| software.app_store_apps                   | array   | body  | An array of objects with values below. |
```

| scripts                                   | array   | body  | A list of script files to add to this team so they can be executed at a later time.                                                                                                                                                 |
| software                                   | object   | body  | The team's software that will be available for install.  |
| software.packages                          | array   | body  | An array of objects with values below. |
| software.packages.url                      | string   | body  | URL to the software package (PKG, MSI, EXE or DEB). |
| software.packages.install_script           | string   | body  | Command that Fleet runs to install software. |
| software.packages.pre_install_query        | string   | body  | Condition query that determines if the install will proceed. |
| software.packages.post_install_script      | string   | body  | Script that runs after software install. |
| software.packages.uninstall_script       | string   | body  | Command that Fleet runs to uninstall software. |

> | software.packages.self_service           | boolean   | body  | Condition query that determines if the install will proceed. |

Reviewer: Duplicate of `pre_install_query` description

> | software.packages.self_service           | boolean   | body  | Condition query that determines if the install will proceed. |

Author: ```suggestion
| software.packages.self_service           | boolean   | body  | If `true` lists software in the self-service. |
```

| team_name | string | query | The name of the team to add the software package to. Ommitting these parameters will add software to 'No Team'. |
| dry_run   | bool   | query | If `true`, will validate the provided software packages and return any validation errors, but will not apply the changes.                                                                         |
| software  | object   | body  | The team's software that will be available for install.  |

> | software.packages   | list   | body  | An array of objects with values below. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| software.packages   | array   | body  | An array of objects with values below. |
```

| --------- | ------ | ----- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| team_name | string | query | The name of the team to add the software package to. Ommitting this parameter will add software to "No team". |
| dry_run   | bool   | query | If `true`, will validate the provided VPP apps and return any validation errors, but will not apply the changes.                                                                         |

> | app_store_apps | list   | body  | An array of objects with . Each object contains `app_store_id` and `self_service`. |

Reviewer: With what?

Author: ```suggestion
| app_store_apps | list   | body  | An array of objects. Each object contains `app_store_id` and `self_service`. |
```

| team_name | string | query | The name of the team to add the software package to. Ommitting these parameters will add software to 'No Team'. |
| dry_run   | bool   | query | If `true`, will validate the provided software packages and return any validation errors, but will not apply the changes.                                                                         |
| software  | object   | body  | The team's software that will be available for install.  |
| software.packages   | array   | body  | An array of objects with values below. |
| software.packages.url                      | string   | body  | URL to the software package (PKG, MSI, EXE or DEB). |
| software.packages.install_script           | string   | body  | Command that Fleet runs to install software. |
| software.packages.pre_install_query        | string   | body  | Condition query that determines if the install will proceed. |
| software.packages.post_install_script      | string   | body  | Script that runs after software install. |
| software.packages.uninstall_script      | string   | body  | Command that Fleet runs to uninstall software. |

> | software.packages.self_service           | boolean   | body  | Condition query that determines if the install will proceed. |

Reviewer: Duplicate of `pre_install_query` description

> | software.packages.self_service           | boolean   | body  | Condition query that determines if the install will proceed. |

Author: ```suggestion
| software.packages.self_service           | boolean   | body  | If `true` lists software in the self-service. |
```

| team_name | string | query | The name of the team to add the software package to. Ommitting these parameters will add software to 'No Team'. |
| dry_run   | bool   | query | If `true`, will validate the provided software packages and return any validation errors, but will not apply the changes.                                                                         |
| software  | object   | body  | The team's software that will be available for install.  |
| software.packages   | array   | body  | An array of objects with values below. |
| software.packages.url                      | string   | body  | URL to the software package (PKG, MSI, EXE or DEB). |
| software.packages.install_script           | string   | body  | Command that Fleet runs to install software. |
| software.packages.pre_install_query        | string   | body  | Condition query that determines if the install will proceed. |
| software.packages.post_install_script      | string   | body  | Script that runs after software install. |
| software.packages.uninstall_script      | string   | body  | Command that Fleet runs to uninstall software. |

> | software.packages.self_service           | boolean   | body  | If `true` lists software in the self-service. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| software.packages.self_service           | boolean   | body  | Specifies whether or not end users can install self-service. |
```
